###  Getting Started with React

1. What is React and why do we use React?
2. Data flows in the component
3. Component displays the view based on state of the component
4. Component defines display of the view, irrespective of data contained, thus reducing the dependency and complexity of state for display
5. User interactions may change state of component from handlers
6. Components are reused and re-rendered

#### 什么是React?

ReactJS试图去解决View层(Model, View, Controller)存在的一些问题, 通过简单的定义,它可以作为V层,很好的与其他的MVC框架有效结合起来.它使用起来并不武断(经过很好的测试),它是View层的一种抽象表示.

ReactJS将View视图变成了一个个小块(Component),这些Component不仅包含了View视图本身的展示,还包含了一些事件处理. 组件还包含了一些数据用于渲染这个APP..

To avoid complexity of interactions and subsequent render processing required,
React does a full render of the application. It maintains a simple flow of work.

为了避免复杂的交互操作以及随之而来的渲染处理,React使用深度渲染..

React is founded on the idea that DOM manipulation is an expensive operation and
should be minimized. It also recognizes that optimizing DOM manipulation by hand
will result in a lot of boilerplate code, which is error-prone, boring, and repetitive

React致力于最小化DOM处理这个高消耗的操作, optimizing最优化DOM操作

React solves this by giving the developer a virtual DOM to render to instead of the
actual DOM. It finds difference between the real DOM and virtual DOM and conducts
the minimum number of DOM operations required to achieve the new state.

React使用Virtual DOM虚拟DOM去进行渲染, 它能够管理DOM的做小操作数,只更新哪些需要更新的.

React is also declarative. When the data changes, React conceptually hits the refresh
button and knows to only update the changed parts.

React是声明式的,当数据发生改变,它会触发刷新按钮,更新那些需要更新的部分..

This simple flow of data, coupled with dead simple display logic, makes
development with ReactJS straightforward and simple to understand.

数据流以及简单的数据逻辑,让React更简单.

Who uses React? If you've used any of the services such as Facebook, Instagram,
Netflix, Alibaba, Yahoo, E-Bay, Khan-Academy, AirBnB, Sony, and Atlassian, you've
already come across and used React on the Web.

React使用的很广

In just under a year, React has seen adoption from major Internet companies in their
core products.

React传播快

In its first-ever conference, React also announced the development of React Native.
React Native allows the development of mobile applications using React. It transpiles
React code to the native application code, such as Objective-C for iOS applications.
At the time of writing this, Facebook already uses React Native in its Groups and
Ads Manager app.

ReactNative 可以通过React语法创建出手机程序, 原生APP

In this book, we will be following a conversation between two developers, Mike
and Shawn. Mike is a senior developer at Adequate Consulting and Shawn has
just joined the company. Mike will be mentoring Shawn and conducting pair
programming with him.

迈克和肖恩 (是不是一头羊)

#### When Shawn meets Mike and ReactJS

It's a bright day at Adequate(适当的,足够的) Consulting(商议,咨询). Its' also Shawn's first day at the company.
Shawn had joined Adequate to work on its amazing products and also because it
uses and develops exciting new technologies.

肖恩来这个Adequate公司为了开发出激动人心的技术

After onboarding the company, Shelly, the CTO, introduced Shawn to Mike. Mike, a
senior developer at Adequate, is a jolly man, who loves exploring new things.

"So Shawn, here's Mike", said Shelly. "He'll be mentoring you as well as pairing with
you on development. We follow pair programming, so expect a lot of it with him.
He's an excellent help."

With that, Shelly took leave.

"Hey Shawn!" Mike began, "are you all set to begin?"

"Yeah, all set! So what are we working on?"

"Well we are about to start working on an app using https://openlibrary.org/ .

Open Library is collection of the world's classic literature. It's an open, editable library
catalog for all the books. It's an initiative under https://archive.org/ and lists
free book titles. We need to build an app to display the most recent changes in the
record by Open Library. You can call this the Activities page. Many people contribute
to Open Library. We want to display the changes made by these users to the books,
addition of new books, edits, and so on, as shown in the following screenshot:

"Oh nice! What are we using to build it?"

"Open Library provides us with a neat REST API that we can consume to fetch the
data. We are just going to build a simple page that displays the fetched data and
format it for display. I've been experimenting and using ReactJS for this. Have you
used it before?"

开放图书馆向我们提供了一个干净的REST API,我们可以从这里面获取数据,我们需要作的就是建一个简单的网页,然后展示这些数据
ReactJS你以前使用过吗?

"Nope. However, I have heard about it. Isn't it the one from Facebook and Instagram?"

"That's right. It's an amazing way to define our UI. As the app isn't going to have
much of logic on the server or perform any display, it is an easy option to use it."

"As you've not used it before, let me provide you a quick introduction."

"Have you tried services such as JSBin and JSFiddle before?"

"No, but I have seen them."

"Cool. We'll be using one of these, therefore, we don't need anything set up on our machines to start with."

"Let's try on your machine", Mike instructed. "Fire up http://jsbin.
com/?html,output "

"You should see something similar to the tabs and panes to code on and their output
in adjacent(相邻的) pane."

"Go ahead and make sure that the HTML, JavaScript, and Output tabs are clicked
and you can see three frames for them so that we are able to edit HTML and JS and
see the corresponding output."

"That's nice."

"Yeah, good thing about this is that you don't need to perform any setups. Did you
notice the Auto-run JS option? Make sure its selected. This option causes JSBin to
reload our code and see its output so that we don't need to keep saying Run with JS
to execute and see its output."

"Ok."

总结一下,这个jsbin这个网站还真不错,在GitHub上可以关注它的源码..

#### Requiring React library

"Alright then! Let's begin. Go ahead and change the title of the page, to say, React
JS Example . Next, we need to set up and we require the React library in our file."

预备备工作,先加上React需要的库

"React's homepage is located at http://facebook.github.io/react/ . Here, we'll
also locate the downloads available for us so that we can include them in our project.
There are different ways to include and use the library.

访问http://facebook.github.io/react/官网

We can make use of bower or install via npm. We can also just include it as
an individual download, directly available from the fb.me domain. There are
development versions that are full version of the library as well as production
version which is its minified version. There is also its version of add-on. We'll take a
look at this later though."

"Let's start by using the development version, which is the unminified version of the
React source. Add the following to the file header:"
        
    <script src="http://fb.me/react-0.13.0.js"></script>

"Done".

"Awesome, let's see how this looks."

    <!DOCTYPE html>
    <html>
    <head>
        <script src="http://fb.me/react-0.13.0.js"></script>
        <meta charset="utf-8">
        <title>React JS Example</title>
    </head>
        <body>
        </body>
    </html>

如上所示哈,一个最基本的React样板文件

#### Building our first component 创建第一个组件

"So Shawn, we are all set to begin. Let's build our very first React App. Go ahead and
add the following code to the JavaScript section of JSBin:"

    // var App = React.createClass({
    //     render: function(){
    //         return(
    //           React.createElement("div",null,"Welcome to React's Wrold~")
    //         );
    //     }
    // });

    // React.render(
    //   React.createElement(App),
    //   document.body
    // );

"Here it is. You should see the output section of the page showing something similar
to the following:"

Welcome to React's Wrold~

"Nice Mike. I see that we are making use of this React object to create classes?"

"That's right. We are creating, what are called as Components in React."

"The entry point to the ReactJS library is the React object. Once the react.js library
is included, it is made available to us in the global JavaScript namespace."

React对象是ReactJS库的入口. 只要导入了ReactJS库,就可以使用这个全局对象

" React.createClass creates a component with the given specification. The
component must implement the render method that returns a single child element as
follows:"

React.createClass 用于创建一个指定的组件,这个组件一定要实现render方法,且,一定只能返回一个元素..

    React.createClass({
        render: function(){
            return(
                React.createElement("div",null,"Welcome to React!")
            );
        }
    });

React will take care of calling the render method of the component to generate
the HTML."

React将会调用render方法,将组件转换成HTML代码..

Even if the render method needs to return a single child, that
single child can have an arbitrarily deep structure to contain
full-fledged HTML page parts.

尽管render方法中只能返回一个子类,但是却没有规定这个子元素的深度.可以多层嵌套

"Here, we are making use of React.createElement to create our content. It's a
singleton method that allows us to create a div element with the " Welcome to
Adequate, Mike! contents. React.createElement creates a ReactElement , which
is an internal representation of the DOM element used by React. We are passing null
as the second argument. This is used to pass and specify attributes for the element.
Right now, we are leaving it as blank to create a simple div."

第二个元素为组件的属性信息..

"The type of ReactElement can be either a valid HTML tag name like span , div , h1
and so on or a component created by React.createClass itself."

"Once we are done creating the component, it can be displayed using the React.
render method as follows:"

展示一个组件

"Here, a new ReactElement is created for the App component that we have created
previously and it is then rendered into the HTML element— document.body . This is
called the mountNode , or mount point for our component, and acts as the root node.
Instead of passing document.body directly as a container for the component, any
other DOM element can also be passed."

"Mike, go ahead and change the text passed to the div as Hello React World! .
We should start seeing the change and it should look something similar to the
following:"

Hello React World!

"Nice."

"Mike, while constructing the first component, we also got an overview of React's
top-level API, that is, making use of React.createClass , React.createElement ,
and React.render ."

学习了三个React的高级API: React.createClass(创建一个Component), React.createElement(创建一个元素,用于渲染的), React.render(渲染这个Componet)

"Now, the component that we just built to display this hello message is pretty simple
and straightforward. However, the syntax can get challenging and it keeps growing
when building complex things. Here's where JSX comes in handy."

虽然使用React的高级API也可以创建出来对应的组件,但是是不是有那么一点繁杂呢,下面开始介绍JSX

"JSX?"

"JSX is an XML-like syntax extension to ECMAScript without any defined semantics.
It has a concise(简洁的) and familiar syntax with plain HTML and it's familiar for designers
or non-programmers. It can also be used directly from our JavaScript file!"

"What? Isn't it bad?"

"Well, time to rethink the best practices. That's right, we will be bringing our view
and its HTML in the JavaScript file!"

"Let's see how to start using it. Go ahead and change the contents of our JavaScript
file as follows:"

    var App = React.createClass({
    render: function(){
        return(
        <div>
            Hello React~~
        </div>;
        );
    }
    });

    React.render(   // 1.4.0之前,都是这样进行渲染的
    React.createElement(App),
    document.body
    );

"As you can see, what we did here was that instead of using createElement , we
directly wrote the div tag. This is very similar to writing HTML markup directly. It
also works right out of the JavaScript file."

"Mike, the code is throwing some errors on JSBin."

"Oh, right. We need to make use of the JSX transformer library so that React and
the browser can understand the syntax. In our case, we need to change the type of
JavaScript, which we are using, to be used to interpret this code. What we need to
do is change from JavaScript to JSX (React), from the dropdown on the JavaScript
frame header, as follows:"

在jsbin中,嵌入了很多不同格式的解析方式,现在,我们使用了JSX的语法,就应该将之前的JavaScript解析方法改成JSX的.

"That should do it."

"Looks good, Mike. It's working."

"Now you will see something similar to the following:"

Hello, from Shawn!

####  Back to work

"That's good to start, Shawn. Let's move back to the task of building our app using
Open Library's Recent changes API now. We already have a basic prototype ready
without using ReactJS."

"We will be slowly replacing parts of it using ReactJS."

"This is how the information is displayed right now, using server-side logic,
as follows:"

"First task that we have is to display the information retrieved from the Open Library
Recent Changes API in a table using ReactJS similar to how it's displayed right now
using server-side."

"We will be fetching the data from the Open Library API similar to the following:"

    var data = [{ 
        "when": "2 minutes ago",
        "who": "Jill Dupre",
        "description": "Created new account"
    },
    {
        "when": "1 hour ago",
        "who": "Lose White",
        "description": "Added fist chapter"
    },
    {
        "when": "2 hours ago",
        "who": "Jordan Whash",
        "description": "Created new account"
    }];

"Let's use this to prototype our app for now. Before that, let's take a look at the
simple HTML version of this app. In our React.render method, we start returning a
table element, as follows:"

"This should start displaying our table with three rows. Now, go ahead and add a
heading at top of this table from the React App , as follows:"

    ...
    return <h1>Recent Changes</h1>
    <table>
    ....
    </table>
    ...

"That's because React expends our render method to always return a single HTML
element. In this case, after you added the h1 heading, our app started returning two
elements, which is wrong. There'll be many cases when you will come across this. To
avoid this, just wrap the elements in a div or span tag. The main idea is that we just
want to return a single element from the render method."

只能返回一个元素,因此需要使用div包裹一下

    "Got it. Something like this?"
    ...
    return <div>
    <h1>Recent Changes</h1>
    <table>
    ....
    </table>
    </div>
    ...
